Can we get to the place, where there is no place to get to.
If you're doing it, you're doing it right.
Timeflies (Once in a While)
Failure is an opportunity to begin again more intelligently.
You can’t stop the waves, but you can learn how to surf.
The Grind is not Glamorous.
Give yourself to a few, and to those few, give heavily.
This thing we call failure, is not the falling down, but the staying down.
Soulmates aren't just lovers.
Imagining the future is a kind of nostalgia.
I remember listening to words you never said.
All that is gold does not glitter, not all those who wander are lost.
It does not do to dwell on dreams, and forget to live.
To the well organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
Time is making fools of us again.
Numbing the pain for a while, only makes it worse when you finally feel it.
We become what we pay attention to.
Experience is merely the name men gave to their mistakes.
Victory has defeated you.
What’s coming, will come, and we’ll meet it when it does.
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
When you must fail, fail noisily and as soon as possible.
Do one thing, and do it well.
The future is already here - it's just not very evenly distributed.
It always seems impossible until it's done.
The Earth does not belong to man; Man belongs to the Earth.
Maybe all one can do is hope to end up with the right regrets.
A society prospers, when old men plant trees they'll never sit in the shade of.
Winning feels better when you take a little damage.
It is better to die on your feet, than to live on your knees.
Beware of making the best, the enemy of the good.
Don't equate knowledge, with wisdom.
Apes. Together. Strong.
There is no problem so bad you can't make it worse.
Any job worth doing is worth doing poorly.
He who sacrifices freedom for security deserves neither.
We live as long as there is someone left to remember us.
If you're stuck in a loop, try walking in a straight line.
Money doesn't change men, it merely unmasks them.
Who cares what games we choose; [there's] little to win, [but] nothing to lose.
